in this section we will cover the
suggested purging procedure for
conducting a quick color change in an
injection molding machine with hot
runners but first it is important that
you select the appropriate grade of Dyna
purge for your specific needs if you
haven't done so already please consult
your Dyna purge representative to
determine which grade is best for your
purging process also before performing
any purging procedure it is the machine
operators responsibility to be aware of
their company's safety policy to wear
the appropriate personal protective
equipment and to make sure that only
authorized personnel are in the area now
let's get started maintain temperature
and rpm settings and when resident resin
is below the feed throat disconnect or
shut off axillary feeding equipment and
thoroughly clean the hopper introduced
Dyna purge one to two times barrel
capacity into empty hopper or side port
and continue to make parts until Dyna
purge appears in the part note actual
amount needed depends on machine
conditions with the nozzles still
attached to mould base and mold in the
open position purge both the barrel and
HOF runners if applicable for difficult
channels and gates run more Dyna purge
through them by closing off the other
gates when Dyna purge is below the feed
throat thoroughly clean the hopper and
introduce the next production resin
using your next production resin and
with the mold still open flush out the
remaining Dyna purge check gates and
mold for any blockage or drool and start
production run if you have other
operators responsible for purging we
encourage you to let them know about our
training video as well we also invite
you to take advantage of additional
training resources located in the
performance tip section of our site to
ensure excellent purging results always
remember to establish comprehensive
purging procedures prior Aymer Sanel
monitor the results for consistency and
contact your Dyna purge representative
when in need of additional technical
assistance thank you again for your try
Steen using our Dyna purge products and
services will continue to work hard to
earn your business